Kali Documentation
As a full-blown operating system, Kali
Linux offers so many features
and capabilities that we can not possibly
explore them all in this module.
To supplement the information in this
module, and help “sharpen your axe”
there are several official Kali Linux
resources available
for further research and study.
Let’s take a look at some of them now.
This is the official Kali Linux documentation.
This site contains the most current
Kali documentation,
details many common procedures,
and should be considered your first stop
for Kali Linux troubleshooting
and support.
The next stop for troubleshooting and
support is the Kali Linux support forum.
Before posting on this forum, read
the rules and guidelines.
Non-compliant posts are often
moderated or ignored.
Before creating a new thread, be sure
to thoroughly search the forums
for a previously-posted solution.
As you already know, Kali features many
penetration testing and forensics tools.
The Kali Tools site lists most of these
and provides a quick reference for each.
Here, we can track the versions of the
tools against their upstream sources
and view information about each of
the metapackages.
Metapackages provide the flexibility
to install specific subsets of tools
based on our particular needs, including
wireless, web applications,
forensics, software defined radio,
and more.
Occasionally, certain tools may crash
or produce unexpected results.
When this happens, we can search for the
given error message
on the Kali Linux Bug Tracker to
determine whether or not
the issue is a bug, and if it is, how
it can be resolved.
The Kali Linux Training site hosts the
official Kali Linux Manual
and training course.
The site hosts the Kali Linux Revealed
book, exercises designed to test your understanding
a dedicated support forum, and an
abundance of useful information
to help better acquaint yourself
with Kali Linux.